12345 Any Street
Any City, Any State 98765
(123) 456-7891
JaneFiction@anynet.com


SUMMARY

Professional individual offering a solid background in supervision and operations management within the transportation and manufacturing industries.

Solid leadership background, able to provide direction for improved maintenance and production efficiencies, develop cohesive team structures, and turn company visions into viable, realized goals.

Comprehensive understanding of Federal and State Regulations with regard to safety operations and procedures, as they apply to OSHA and ADA standards.

Solid industry, technical, equipment and computer tracking knowledge. Able to troubleshoot problems and offer effective, workable solutions. Computer proficient.


CAREER BACKGROUND

Supervisor
Space Age Energy Company, Any City, Any State
2012 – Present

Provide direction for all departmental operations, including: workforce, maintenance, production, and operations management.

Wrote Operator Training Program, including formal qualifications guidelines to quantify training goals and ensure essential training was achieved and documented for each participant. Led team building program by creating and coordinating team efforts, producing collaborative solutions in troubleshooting efforts requiring multiple specialized skills. Reduced operational redundancies, and increased solution speed and shift productivity by 45%.

Conduct operator and employee safety training programs, assuring employee adherence to established company policies. Completed Confined Safety Training Program, and reside on the Confined Space Rescue Committee.

Team with engineers to produce effective production solutions, including development of a new distillation process that increased productivity by 10% and improved overall efficiency.

Revised inventory management and storage methods, and created a flat-file database (using MS Access) that allowed inventory search and tracking by name or part number. Inventory restructuring enable company to recapture $120K in redundant stock and produced a $165K tax and administrative savings. Reduced inventory management time by 50%.

Managed and oversaw various complex installation and overhaul projects with budgets in excess of $1 million. Directed contract negotiations with vendors and contractors, and coordinated efforts of contractors, plant personnel, vendors and outside sources.


Supervisor
Stateman Shipping, Any City, Any State
2009 – 2012

Directed evening operations and personnel management, and monitored compliance to DOT regulations.

Managed customer relations for delivery of expedited overnight parcels and materials.

Worked closely with field operators, directing efforts for location of mechanical problems and providing timely, effective solutions.

Created and implemented a computerized tracking and inventory management system.


EDUCATION

University of Import, Any City, Any State - 2009
Bachelor of Science * Management
